# never-dangerous
A website to help people understand the potential risks around Brisbane 

“NEVER DANGEROUS” has a wide range of potential users, our target audience including but not limited to property buyer, student and tenants. As we know, different types of audiences have different concerns. For example, property buyers are more concerned about burglary rates, students and older people are more worried about robbery problems, and female users are pay attention to sexual crimes or trailing information. So we have designed a very user-friendly function using Google API. When the user clicks the button for different crime types, the map shows the high-risk area of that crime type, which makes it easier for the user to directly obtain information. 
 
In addition to the home page in the form of a crime map, the website contains a profile page for each district. Users can simply click on the area they want to know, and a short introduction popup will appear on the map. If they want to know more, users can click “read more” to browse the profile page directly. On the district profile page, crime information is presented by diagram. For example, the crime rate in the past five years is represented by a line graph, and the proportion of each crime type is represented by a pie chart. 
 
Furthermore, we designed the interactive function of scoring, users can score the security index (1 to 5 stars) of their district, and the score results of each district will also be displayed on the profile page of the corresponding district. This approach can increase the interactivity and timeliness of our website. At the same time, we will add some auxiliary functions in combination with some other data. For instance, import housing price dataset, and allow the property buyer to compare prices and the crime rate; or add the information of the police in each district to provide users with more comprehensive services. 
